Implement new builder-rpc-v0 feature (#15793)
NixOS/nix: src/nix/store-submit-output.md

R""(

# Examples

> * To submit a given path as the output named `out`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To submit a given store object as the output named `out`:
```

Reviewer: hyperlink store object too

  ```console
  # nix store submit-output /nix/store/h6zs50y2662apmnbcnhnbxll76lv02yy-hello-2.12.3 out
  ```

# Description

> `nix store submit-output` registers a path as an output of the currently-running derivation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nix store submit-output` registers a store object as an output of the currently-running derivation.
```
